We have come to the end of our lesson on the business case for data science.
We have surveyed the business to identify opportunities for data science projects.
We have discussed core competencies and scope conditions
critical for a business to realize success in data science projects.
We've also talked about prioritization of projects towards
developing a roadmap that will guide our data science initiative.
Our next lesson, we'll turn toward the human capital aspects of data science.
How should we organize a data science function within the company?
How do we build the data science team?
What processes should we adopt to carry out day-to-day data science workloads?
I look forward to joining you in the next lesson.